email: anny@gmail.com
password: anny123456
Female

email: jossie@gmail.com
password: jossie123456
Female

email: rachel@gmail.com
password: rachel123456
Female

email: monica@gmail.com
password: monica123456
Female

email: jane@gmail.com
password: jane123456
Female

email: goodman@gmail.com
password: goodman123456
Male

email: rocky@gmail.com
password: rocky123456
Male

email: jake@gmail.com
password: jake123456
Male

email: chandler@gmail.com
password: chandler123456
Male

email: lesley@gmail.com
password: lesley123456
Male

Please use 
- anny@gmail.com
- jossie@gmail.com
- rocky@gmail.com
- lesley@gmail.com
- jake@gmail.com
- chandler@gmail.com
Account for some exsited data such as Matches and Chats.
